Hey. there.
Hey. sweetie.
how was work?
Well. let's just say
that a lot of packages
are in different places
then they were this morning.
It's what I do.
Hey. what have you
got there?
A c.D.
Apparently bon jovi
is back.
Hmm.
Oh. he looks cute.
I'd still do him.
Put it on.
You got it.
Comin' up.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Just pull the tab.
I don't--
I don't see a tab.
Well. there's a tab.
That red. plastic thing.
Ok. that's not on this.
That's on gum.
Here we go.
There we go.
Yeah.
Bon jovi comin' up.
All right. you know what?
Give me something sharp now.
Here. I just got
some new scissors.
♪ My eyes
are gettin' weary ♪
♪ my back is gettin' tight
♪ I'm sittin' here
in traffic ♪
♪ on the queensboro bridge
tonight ♪
♪ but I don't care.
'cause all I want to do ♪
♪ is cash my check
and drive right home to you ♪
♪ 'cause. baby. all my life
♪ I will be drivin'
home to you ♪
Here you go. darling.
I finished the book
you loaned me.
Tuesdays with morrie.
Dad. I didn't loan
this to you.
I bought this
for someone as a gift.
That might explain
why it was in
your drawer in a bag.
Oh. well. there it is.
good as new. Wrap it up.
There are pages
ripped out.
Well. I'm sorry.
I was aggravated.
Morrie's dyin' and
this young man visits him.
brings him food. tucks
a blanket under his legs.
writes down
all his insights--
made my stomach turn!
Why?
I've mentored many
young men in my time.
Not a single one
has come by
to chronicle my wisdom.
Not one!
Who have you mentored?
Many young men!
Ok. got it.
Take a step back.
There you go.
Thank you.
Darling. I had an idea.
How would you like to
jot down my musings on life?
Any interest?
Uh. sounds more
like a Doug thing.
Hello.
Hey.
Hi.
Douglas. how would you like
to chronicle my life?
What?
Chronicle my life!
Come on. haven't I mentored
you. taken you under my wing.
taught you a few things about
the world and its peoples?
Mmm...
No. not really.
I see. Well.
obviously I've been casting
my pearls before swine.
Uh. good day. and
I'll see you both in hell.
So. how was work?
Good. Today at lunch
I nailed down
the difference
between pastrami
and corned beef.
One makes me
go like this...
The other one.
like this...
[Inaudible]
Once again.
question was.
"how was work?"
It was busy. Busy.
Kew gardens branch
was down today.
they routed everything
through us.
Oh.
That's no big deal.
though.
The new kid. Rico.
I'm workin' with.
really came through.
He was like.
[imitates rico]
"Hey. that's no problem.
We just double up.
Jack. Push it. baby."
[Laughs]
Is that the way
he talks?
Yeah. he's got
that accent. you know?
[Imitates rico]
"Hey. Jack.
how you doin'?
He calls everybody
Jack.
I wish I had
a little thing.
a little signature way
of talkin'.
You kinda do.
Really?
Yeah. You know.
like when you--
you extend words
for no reason.
like--like
this would be
an "on-I-on-I-on."
You know?
Yeah. I guess
I do have that.
It's not cool.
though. you know?
[Imitates rico]
"Hey. what's
for dinner. Jack?"
We're lookin'
at spaghetti.
Oh. yeah.
Give me a taste. baby.
Ok. comin' at ya.
Yeah. feed me
the pasta. feed me.
Come on. come on.
give it-- give it to me.
yeah.
Oh. my God. that's hot!
[Modem beeping]
Hey. what you doin'?
Paying our bills
online.
And you think with
all the technology we have.
they can come up
with a better sound than...
[Imitates modem beeping]
Hey. hey!
It's annoying. ok?
So. come on. why don't you
leave your bills behind
and get reacquainted
with my underdougie?
No. no. no. come on.
I gotta do this.
Hey. come on.
Hey. didn't you
vow to obey me
at our wedding?
Obey me.
Obey me. wife.
Doug. stop it!
Come on. we cut
that obey stuff out
when we wrote
our own vows.
Actually. I snuck it
back in quietly.
It was-- it was like.
[mumbles]
Obey me.
Look. if I don't
get these paid
by tomorrow.
the power company
is gonna turn
our lights off.
[Imitates rico]
That's ok. baby.
We just make love in the dark.
You know that's the way
it's supposed to be.
you know?
Mmm. You like doing it
in the dark. Rico?
[Imitates rico]
Oh. yeah. baby.
So why don't you
say good night
to the World-Wide web
and let Rico
connect you. uh?
You think
you got it in you?
You know I do.
Show me what you got.
[Alarm beeping]
Horrible beeping noise
must be stopped.
[Alarm stops]
Must snuggle with
bear-like husband.
Pretty
wiped out. huh?
Yeah. Tend to
have that effect
on the ladies.
Well. hello.
I didn't hear
you coming.
Mr. morning sex!
Doug?
Yeah?
Do Rico.
What?
The voice. Do Rico.
Uh...
Ok. so...
[Imitates rico]
You want to dance the samba
in the air. eh. baby?
Mmm-hmm. yeah.
That's
the early bird special.
That's gonna cost you.
(Arthur)
Frankie Johnson?
Arthur spooner.
Remember me?
I filled in for your archery
instructor at camp wigwam.
Oh. for God's sakes.
I mentored you!
Fine. See you in hell!
[Doorbell ringing]
[Sighs]
Who is it?
(Delivery boy)
A taste of Bombay!
Oh. terrific!
Hi. there.
Hello. You have
the makni tikka chicken.
palak paneer.
and a lemonade.
That's $14.82. sir.
Let me
get some cash.
Come in. Come in.
Son. how far do you
and I go back?
What is it.
2. 3 years?
I don't know.
Remember
that time I ordered
the tandoori lamb
from you?
Oh. that was fun.
What--what
was your name again?
Sanjib.
Sinbad?
Sandjob?
Sanjib.
Look. I have a lot of
other orders in the car
so if you could
please pay me.
I would appreciate it.
Oh. yes.
I'll get to that.
But first.
I have a few things
I'd like to tell you
about the way
things work
in this crazy place
we call
planet earth.
Hit record and play
at the same time.
Boop-boop.
Dead-end package.
You know.
if your owner
really wanted you.
he might have been home
1 of the 3 times
I tried to deliver you.
Surprising the way people
don't wait at home
for their packages.
It really is.
So. uh. you're a little late
this mornin'.
what was up?
Uh. nothin'.
Carrie and I just got into
a little morning action.
Mornin' action.
Nice work.
It's no big deal.
No big deal?
Didn't you once call
morning sex
the. uh. the best thing
in the world
that doesn't have cheese
on it?
I mean. it was good.
It was just that. uh...
I don't know.
Do you. uh.
do you think this is weird?
Last night.
I was trying to get
Carrie in the mood.
So I. uh...
I did a voice.
A voice?
Yeah.
What.
like bugs bunny?
No. I did the voice
of the new guy.
Who?
Rico?
Yeah.
Sort of turned her on
a little. too.
Then this morning.
she asked me
to do Rico again.
Think that's
a bad sign?
Do the voice for me.
I'm not doing the voice.
I'm just asking you.
do you think it's bad
that Carrie's kind of. like.
I don't know.
into Rico?
Does it mean
that I'm slippin'?
That maybe me alone
doesn't turn her on anymore?
Well. I mean. has she
ever even met Rico?
No. but I think
she's rollin' the dice
that young.
Latino stud
might be
a little bit more
of a turn-on
than big ass
who's always there.
always!
Yeah. I--I see your point.
I knew it!
Oh. c-come on. man!
I think it's fine.
Look. you've been married
for a while.
These things happen.
You get creative.
Don't worry about it.
You. uh...
You do voices?
No.
I do wear a bandana.
Really? Now--now. are you
playing a character
when you wear
that bandana?
Hmm. I guess not.
So that's still you.
Well. it's "bad" me.
See. that
wasn't me at all
in bed last night.
Just do
the voice for me.
I'm not doing the voice!
I just want
to feel the magic.
You know what
he sounds like.
Yeah. but
not talking sexy.
Come on.
Do the voice.
Put on the bandana.
Hey. Rico.
Come here for a second.
Hey. What's up. Jack?
Not too much. man.
Listen. um...
Doug and I were just trying
to remember the words
to that. uh. uh.
George Michael song.
i want your sex.
Um. remember
how that goes?
Yeah. I think
it's something like. um...
♪ Sex is natural
sex is fun ♪
(Deacon)
Yeah.
♪ Sex is best
when it's one on one ♪
That's right.
Thanks.
Ok.
That got me
a little hot.
What have you
brought me today. son?
What you ordered.
That was very kind of you.
Could you tuck
this blanket
under my feet?
Thank you.
So. that's. uh. $13.28.
Right. right.
Sit for a moment.
would you?
Sanjib.
do you see this glass
as half empty
or half full?
Half full.
Ok. so you know
that one.
Dad. would you
just pay the guy
and let him leave?
In a minute.
And stop ordering
Indian food.
It's stinkin' up
the fridge.
No offense.
Hey. sweetie.
Hi.
Oh. N.Y.P.D. Blue.
I miss Jimmy smits.
but good
for Rick schroeder.
you know
what I'm sayin'?
Yeah. yeah.
Good for him.
[Clears throat]
Have I told you how much
I love you today?
Oh. honey.
that's sweet.
I love you. too.
So you. uh.
you wanna...
Hmm?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Let's just finish
watching the show first.
[Imitates rico]
Come on. baby.
Let's do it now.
Oh. Rico.
you want me
to turn the t.V. Off?
[Imitates rico]
Yes.
Well. ok.
Here I am.
you big Latin stud.
Hmm. All right.
that's it!
What?
You wouldn't turn off
the t.V. For me.
but you sure
turned it off
for Rico.
didn't you?
What are you
talking about?
Oh. nothing. Just
that you're more
attracted to him
than you are to me.
Doug.
I don't know Rico.
I've never
even met him.
Oh. you know him.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
All I know is.
Doug plays
with your hair.
nothin'.
Rico does. bingo.
Or should I say.
El bingo?
Let me get this straight.
You are jealous of a guy
that I've never met
that is actually you.
No. I'm jealous of Rico!
You are Rico.
you idiot!
No. I don't go around
calling people "Jack."
I'm the
"on-I-on-I-on" guy.
And that.
to my recollection.
has never gotten
your middle third
singing sweet Virginia.
Admit it. Carrie.
Another man's voice
is turnin' you on.
Maybe I am turned on
by the fact
that you are such
a talented mimic.
You ever
think of that?
Oh. is that it?
Well. then let's get
original in here.
We'll have an orgy.
Hey. is this what I'm like
when I get my period?
Because if it is.
I am very. very sorry.
You know what?
It's fine. It's fine.
It really is.
it really is. you know?
I just-- I guess we've
reached that phase
in our relationship
where I need to do
other people's voices
to turn you on.
What-- so what
are you sayin'?
You're sayin'
that you have never
thought of anyone else
when we're in bed together?
Is that what you're sayin'?
Just the fact that
you're asking me that
means you thought
about Rico.
Just answer
my question.
Have you ever thought
of anyone else?
I've...
Shuffled through
a few images.
but then retreated
out of guilt.
Uh-huh. uh-huh.
So other people
have crossed your mind.
Maybe. but the only person
I've thought
for more than a few seconds
was don zimmer.
And that was
just to pull in
the reins a little.
Whatever. Look.
this is so crazy.
It's just a stupid
little accent
you started doing.
and now for some reason
you're mad at me.
I am begging you.
Can we let this go?
Fine. You know what?
I'm going
to grab a beer.
Why don't you
give me a jingle
when you're ready to have sex
with Doug heffernan again!
Oh. yeah?
Well. why don't you
give me a jingle
when you stop fantasizing
about don zimmer?
(Sanjib)
I'm sorry. but I really
just have to be going.
(Arthur)
Oh. yes.
We're all
coming and going.
Only the man
who makes peace
with that
can truly be free.
More curry?
[Doorbell rings]
Coming!
Leave my son alone!
What?
He does not wish
to chronicle your wisdom.
But thank you
for your business.
Here's your food.
That's $11.95.
All right.
Here's your money.
You know.
people often ask me.
"why is there so much
anger all around us?"
And I say--
ba-dup!
Oh. strong
to the hoop!
Oh. that's the answer.
that's the answer.
It's 10-8. 10-8.
Hey. by the way.
thanks for the tip.
What do you mean?
I tried Rico's voice
last night.
Kelly liked it so much
that after we were done.
she got out of bed
and made me a grilled cheese.
[Horn honking]
Hey. Carrie's here.
Really?
Hey. big guy!
Can I talk to you
for a minute?
Oh. this is perfect.
just when
he's glistenin'.
Sub!
Hey. how did
you know I was here?
Your dispatcher told me
you guys were playing
some ball.
Listen. I--I felt really bad
about our fight
last night.
And you know what?
No big deal. ok?
Just. uh. see ya later. ok?
Bye-bye.
Buckle up for safety--
for safety.
No. no. no honey. honey.
it is a big deal. ok?
If your feelings
were hurt.
and you were still thinkin'
about it this morning.
that's bad.
Now. I don't want
to get into who's right
or who's wrong.
The point is.
this has nothing
to do with Rico.
I love you.
and that's it.
Love me. Got it. Ok.
All right. honey.
I love you.
I'll see you at home.
All right. Bye-bye.
Thank you.
(Rico)
Hey. where you goin'. Jack?
You liked his voice.
now welcome to his face.
Is that what you're
all worked up about? Pfft!
I gotta tell you. honey.
If I passed him
on the street.
nothing.
Then why haven't
you blinked?
I'm going.
Hey. you're not leaving.
are you. Jack?
Uh. no. no. no. Uh...
Rico. this is.
uh. my wife Carrie.
Hello. how you doin'?
She's doin' good.
You're doin'
really good. right?
This is my girlfriend
francesca.
Mmm. very nice
to meet you.
I love your sweater.
Oh. Yeah. well.
Carrie's just
leaving now. right?
Yeah. Oh. I was
just leaving.
Drive away. honey.
Drive away.
Come on. Doug.
Can't we get past this?
Don't you want
to "dougercise" me?
Or somethin'?
I can't.
You'll just think
about Rico.
And I can't imitate
that body.
Why does this
have to be a bad thing?
I mean. maybe this is like
a new phase for us.
you know. we role-play.
It could be fun.
What do you mean?
[Imitates francesca]
Doug. I'm francesca.
Rico's
adorable girlfriend.
I'm very sexy
and very Italian
and very hopeful
that you will come out
to play.
What the hell have
you been drinkin'?
Well. I think
you might like
a little action. too.
And not don zimmer's.
[Imitates francesca]
So. Doug...
You like it. come on.
Say you like it. Dougie.
Mmm.
I'm not hatin' it.
You would.
uh. do francesca during hmm?
Of course. I'll do anything
for you. Doug. I love you.
[Imitates francesca]
So. Doug.
you want a little-a
Italian gelato?
What flavor?
Spumoni.
What's that?
It's got
fruits.
and nuts and candy.
Ok. now I actually
want gelato.
But I can get
that later.
[Imitates rico]
So. francesca.
are you ready
for some hot. Latin love.
eh. baby?
[Imitates francesca]
I'm ready. Rico.
Mmm.
Mmm. You are
a big. sexy Latino stud.
Oh. that's-a
right. Jack!
[Water sloshes]
What was that?
The toilet won't-a
stop flushing again!
You know.
it kind of smells.
I'll get the plunger.
Whoo! Man.
it is great to be them.
And so.
that is why
I look at this glass
as half full.
Write that down.
I'm not gonna
write it down.
You're supposed to be
chronicling my wisdom.
I'm not going
to chronicle your wisdom.
You chronicle
my wisdom.
Your wisdom
is stupid.
Oh. what?
The glass is half full.
Oh. that's genius.
So. that's
how it's gonna be?
Well. chronicle this.
I'll see you in hell!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm